# Brainstorm Session 1

First half-hour brainstorm session.

- I LOVE this theme. I LOVE these wild cards. This jam is just my jam. I think I'll have a lot of ideas I like so much I'll work on them later.
- I love symbiotic superheroes. My first thought is to make a game about a hero with a powerful parasite attached, something that is arguably symbiotic and arguably purely parasitic. Look to Venom and the anime Parasyte for examples. Venom's long history in print has shown many dimensions to the relationship between man and alien costume.
- Two of the wild cards (Gridlock and Roshambo) make me want to develop a roguelike, something I've been wanting to try out for a while. I have no ethical issue reusing an idea that was never developed on for the jam, and I had an idea for a roguelike dungeon crawler that would fit nicely with the theme. It was kind of a Kirby parody where you suck up enemies to get copy powers. What if instead the player character was a parasite (alien? mystical? made in a lab?) that takes enemies as hosts, one at a time, and uses them to progress?
- To address the Silliness Switch briefly; I love that and could easily work that into anything. Look to Wild Wasteland in Fallout: New Vegas for ideas. I could even steal the distinctive popup from New Vegas that justs shows a picture of weird stuff and a very confused protagonist.
- I often think about card games, so how does Parasite play into card games? Maybe it's kind of a deckbuilding game where two types of card are hosts and parasites; perhaps the parasite cards can latch onto any kind of card, not just hosts, making a game where synergy with parasite cards is the driving factor of building strong decks.
- Maybe a roguelike deckbuilding game, like Slay the Spire, where the player character is a parasite that uses cards themed around draining the enemy (for their cards, resources, and traits)
- A platformer (stealth? cinematic?) where you play as a parasite trying to escape a lab. Kind of like that Carrion game except I'm thinking you are tiny and don't have much (if any) offensive capability
- A racing game where the racers all have distinctive stats and playstyles, but the players/AI aren't tied to a specific racer. Rather, they play as parasites and not only control the racing but hop between cars (or whatever you're racing) to knock each other off and play the track, so to speak. Picking a racer means more than just picking your desired playstyle, as you will most likely (but perhaps don't have to if you play well) be switching racers. Powerups could be themed strongly around this; powerups to prevent being knocked off a racer, powerups to hop to distant cars or chain across cars towards the front, powerups to bond with your racer better and enhance their stats, etc.
- A beat-em-up where all the enemy types are very distinct and you play as a parasite who hijacks bodies and discards them at will.
- So many of these ideas are just "cool game but you play as a parasite and body swap and steal from enemies" and I love it
- Get away from the cool monster theme for a minute. What if you play as a bank/finance/mob employee and the game is about embezzling without getting caught? That can be represented any number of ways; I'm thinking you just hold a button to fill a meter and watch out for someone that checks in on you regularly, plus maybe mini-games for serving customers/your boss.
- I'd also like to explicitly mention that I want to use all three wild cards this time. I used none the first time and wanted to. I'll work my game idea around the theme AND the three wild cards.
- An RPG (turn-based? action?) where you manage your health, attributes, and a PP meter (Parasite Points.) You gain PP by letting your parasite take more control over your body, which raises all your stats and gives you new abilities. However, every single time you increase your PP, you give up some of your humanity, becoming unable to separate from the parasite without giving up major parts of your body (and, arguably, you are giving up your soul each time you do it.) Different stages of using the parasite affects the way people in the world and story react to you; it affects your ending; and being more or less parasite affects which element is most effective to you (you become more powerful but gain more weaknesses, which may bite you in the butt later on.) The game has different equipment (weapon, armor, accessories) but depending on how much you use the parasite, they may be phased out. Perhaps it's random or you can choose which parts to feed to the parasite. If your weapon arm goes, it is replaced with...a literal weapon arm that you can change the shape of with PP. If your shield arm goes, again the parasite becomes a literal shield arm (or other weapon arm, it's your PP!) When your torso is consumed, armor becomes a matter of PP and not an item found in the world; same with accessories, or perhaps those slots can be consumed by using PP at any time. But remember that there's no going back. The Prey reboot is the only similar game I can think of; find more if you can. This idea could also be worked into other genres. If you go turn-based RPG, do DQ1 style for practice (first-person, one party member, real simple.) I'm obviously super into this one already so let me think on wild cards for a minute: Gridlock is easy in the overworld, but get more creative and perhaps do Undertale-style mini-games including grid-based movement (maybe like other games, like Bomberman or Dig-Dug); Roshambo is also easy for this kind of game but if you do go Undertale-style, the three elements could also affect "bullets" (is parasite a 4th element?); Silliness Switch could be very good, maybe a music switch and silly sound effects for attacks and stuff plus silly hats for everyone and perhaps a unique enemy/NPC or two