# Brainstorm Session 3

Third half-hour brainstorm session. This time, I've picked an idea and I'm brainstorming ideas for that particular game.

- I'd like to come up with a name really soon, even if I plan to replace it. I need a shorthand for referring to this project. Stuck On You might be a good title (referring to the parasite being stuck on your player character and maybe themes of the plot.) I think I'm going to go with Stuck On You for now because it suggests themes to me as well (I can always change or add themes later, but for now I am grateful to have stuff to work with.)
- I will base a lot of my work on Dragon Quest I. It is a simple game as far as turn-based JRPGs go. I'm also feeling inspired by Undertale and Deltarune as I've been playing those a lot and I'm very attached to them. Would it be ridiculous scope to make a turn-based JRPG with Undertale-style battle mini-games? I am thinking instead of bullet hell doing little top-down mini-games like Bomberman and Dig-Dug, but give the player a specific power or set of powers for all mini-games so they can combine easily. So maybe you swing a sword a tile ahead or do something else based on your parasite, so for the Bomberman mini-game you hit bombs to detonate them and for Dig-Dug you repeatedly hit enemies to inflate them.
- Definitely a grid-based 2D map for overworld (field and towns)
- Probably write a very simple dialog system for interacting with NPCs or talking during battle. I think that's manageable with Godot's UI system in a short timeframe. Lower priority than gameplay systems.
- Setting is definitely pseudo-medieval fantasy with anachronistic elements. I love that stuff and have been wanting to do something like that anyway. Probably quite a dangerous world which will be reflected in the gameplay and offer temptation to accept more of the parasite's power to make the game more manageable. Don't be afraid to crank up the difficulty and also make the parasite stuff very powerful.
- Remember to manage scope aggressively during the jam. If the idea is good enough and I enjoy making it enough, I can go off on a big project with it afterwards. For the jam, aim to make 30 minutes to an hour of gameplay (more than the 15 minute target I set, but I think reasonable for a game like this that is so reliant on repetitive content.) I need some simple gameplay systems, some complex gameplay systems, and some fancy UI stuff (pretty much all of the variety I've never done before.)
- I want to take inspiration from stuff like Dorohedoro and give the MC a very selfish quest that has stakes for other people involved in his or her life. (Probably her now that I think of it, as I think female MCs are cool and generally more interesting than male MCs.) Maybe she's trying to get the parasite off (isn't that the plot of the smash hit Baldur's Gate 3?) Maybe the parasite told her that somebody stuck it on her and she's trying to find out who to learn more about it (which the parasite would also want if it's not lying (it's probably lying))
- For the game jam game, design one small field, one or two small towns with a handful of NPCs, and one dungeon (maybe one very small one and one medium dungeon.) Also put in three or four of each kind of equipment and three or four kinds of item. So three or four kinds of weapon, armor, shield/off-hand, and accessories plus one or two parasite versions of each. Items can include one or two types of health-restoring items, one type of parasite food (restores PP), maybe an offensive item or two (inflict a status effect (status effects may be out of scope of this game jam game), deal damage to a single target or all enemies.) Also include one, two, or three parasite abilities. This is already a lot of content to plan and build! See point below; I'm keeping scope down a lot by just including one small town, a small field outside with maybe two types of enemy, and one small dungeon (2 or 3 floors) with two or three types of enemy, only repeating one of the enemy types from outside, plus a boss at the end. The town should have an equipment shop, an item shop, and an inn to rest at for a small fee.
- Basic game jam plot incoming. The protagonist is traveling for undisclosed reasons (perhaps aimlessly.) One day, she wakes up in her room at the inn and discovers a strange creature stuck to her body. It speaks to her telepathically and her reaction to it is understated (implied manipulation by the creature and also implied she's seen some shit.) She communicates with the parasite and learns that somebody attached it to her in the night in order to try and kill her, unaware of the creature's true nature. She believes this quite readily, assuming someone is out to get her because of something she did in her mercenary days. After a short chat with the innkeeper and a second chat with her parasite, she follows a lead to check out a nearby abandoned fort. Before doing that, she prepares in town and by shaking off the rust on some weak enemies in the field outside of town. She goes on a dungeon crawl in the fort and faces off against a mysterious hooded man at the end. After the battle, the player deals with the man based on how affected by the parasite the MC is (i.e., how much humanity remains in her.) It turns out the man was just an agent of a far greater power with their eyes set on the MC, and he knew about the creature's nature all along, leaving the MC to wonder what the parasite's intentions truly are.
- The player gains experience and levels up. When leveling up, the player has the option to pick one stat to raise (think Mario RPGs.) The choices include HP/Defense, Attack, and PP. Choosing PP increases the parasite's hold on the MC's body and affects hidden values that sway dialogue and story outcomes (in this game jam game, it simply affects dialogue with all the NPCs and shops in town as well as which of three endings you get when you defeat the boss.) Besides story elements, PP upgrades increase a PP meter and give you new abilities to spend it on; enough PP upgrades also subsume equipment slots, preventing you from placing equipment in them and instead giving you an extra powerful parasite equivalent (in a full game, you would unlock different varieties of parasite equipment, but that remains to be seen if it will make it into the game jam version)