# Brainstorm Session 4

Fourth half-hour brainstorm session, the second specifically for Stuck On You.

- I want to brainstorm details on the MC. I'm thinking she's in her thirties and well-worn by travel and war. She's a former mercenary without much purpose in life at the moment. Perhaps she was traveling somewhere in particular, perhaps not. She hasn't fought regularly in some time, but she still dresses for war, looking very much like a Landsknecht (think Markus Kruber from Vermintide.) She wields two-handed polearms or a rapier and a shield in battle. Her reaction to the parasite is quite understated (think: she's just so, so tired, and nothing surprises her anymore.) She is also nonplussed by the idea of some faction being out to get her (her past is checkered; she did not do nice things as a mercenary.)
- The parasite is represented as a purple blob with an emoticon face that never changes expression. It is definitely inhuman and seems to be of above-average intelligence with limited knowledge of human customs. Its origin is unknown and its history of hosts is unclear, though it has definitely been around a while and bonded with other people. It is not even necessarily logic-oriented, just very cold, with any emotions it develops or reveals over time being erratic. It often suggests the pragmatic way, which suits the MC just fine, though her emotions are in tune and she does not consider murder or cannibalism to be merely pragmatic...at least she doesn't before bonding too much with the parasite. The parasite is attached behind the MC's shoulder and kind of looks like Pochita heart in Chainsaw Man or Nightmare's whole deal from Soul Calibur.
- NAMES. I'm going to go with French, German, and Spanish influences, so use names like that. Her name is Andere, which is a female name derived from Andrea, supposedly meaning force or courage; andere is also a word in Germanic languages that means "other." She will call the parasite L'Étranger (or is that too hard for people, including me? think about it; maybe a cute shortened version like Tranger.) Also doesn't Andere and Tranger sound kind of similar? Perhaps this can reflect the line between them blurring more and more over time.
- I'm struggling to name the town and province. That can wait until later. Until then, I'll refer to the areas of the game as the town, the fort, and the field (which encompasses the town and the fort.) The field is blocked in by mountains, a body of water, and perhaps one obvious path which the MC will refuse to take or which is blocked off by something temporary.
- I want some quirky enemies. How about Zaplings, little tree guys that look like they've been struck by lightning and which use electric attacks? That can play into the Roshambo wild card. An enemy unique to the fort dungeon can be a little purple goop with an emoticon face, just like Tranger, with the parasite element. Make enemies to represent two other elements in a roshambo with electricity, too. Parasite sits inside the roshambo triangle with unique relationships to all elements (I'm thinking weak but also strong to all elements, if that's interesting enough. Perhaps later the parasite can imitate other elements, probably not in the game jam game, though)