# Brainstorm Session 2

Second half-hour brainstorm session, right after the first.

- Good way to stay grounded for this jam now is to remind myself of some goals I have going in. I want to target Android as well as desktop with my game; I want to use C# for practice, which means I cannot export to HTML5; along the same lines, I want to find the smartest balance for GDScript and C# (some things are more efficient or much easier to pull off in GDScript, so learn the balance ASAP); I want to make a game that is at least 15 minutes in length; I want to make a game with 3D graphics (most likely a 2D game with sprites and pre-rendered backgrounds made from 3D graphics); I want to write at least one neat shader for my game.
- Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde clone where you resist your parasite and try to side-scroll right; when the parasite overcomes you, you auto-/side-scroll left instead.
- Top-down shooter where you mow down hordes of parasitic creatures trying to latch on to your face. If you get a game over, the screen turns dark and your player character explodes in gore before you switch to playing as a little alien who scurries into a vent. You must survive as the alien until you mature while people identical to your old player character hunt you down, then you lay eggs and transfer consciousness to a newborn parasite. If you latch onto someone as the parasite, you start the alien cycle over again with increased difficulty or at least a counter that increases. If at any point you are killed by a human, you assume control of that human, so gameplay never really stops. Silliness switch turns all the humans into clowns and all the blood and gore into candy and confetti. Very Space Station 13, very Contra.
- Again stepping back from the cool creature themes; a tycoon game where you play as a mayor/landlord/business owner that builds and manages a city or park or something while trying to cut corners everywhere possible and embezzle enough money to get out before everything collapses. Perhaps you try to find a patsy among the staff you hire.
- You play a parasite in a filthy lake. You swim around and crawl up fish buttholes and mouths taking over their bodies and upgrading to bigger and bigger fish while avoiding getting fished out of the lake or killed by fish while transferring bodies. Think the first stage of playing Spore but grittier. Maybe you can eat fish to keep your host alive but that runs the risk of getting another parasite in your body that you have to fight inside the fish or with a mini-game. Maybe there are three kinds of parasite, for Roshambo. Maybe being inside the fish has a grid to move on and organize your resources.
- You play as parasites during game rounds inside a crappy fast food restaurant. You use various pieces of information including the type of parasite you are and random elements of the workers' poor performance to choose which food to infest for the most points. Could be a good multiplayer game. Maybe if food is TOO bad it gets thrown out before being served, so you have to balance getting lots of points by making sickening food and avoiding attention.
- You play as a parasite who has taken over a body (human? animal?) and must steer it to behave normally and get your brood into the colony. You must move naturally and make choices about responding to stimuli to avoid being outed. Kind of like that game where you're an alien piloting a human at a party or that other game where you control the lips and stuff. Make sense?
- An adventure game inside a human body where you, the parasite, must solve puzzles and interact with micro-organism NPCs to get into the organ/part of the body you really want to infest.
- A puzzle game where you manipulate parasites and healthy micro-organisms in rows/columns/diagonals? to spread the infection. Maybe a pipe game kind of thing too